VJC IMMIGRATION & VISA CONSULTANTS PVT. LTD. 
Raheja Arcade, 16 & 17, 5th Block,
Opp. Nexus Mall, Koramangala,
Bengaluru, Karnataka - 560095
Phone Number : +91 9440467000 / +91 8970567999
Email Id : info@vjcoverseas.com
website : www.vjcoverseas.com
 
 
 
 
Dear Aarav O'Connor & Sons <QA> , 
Greetings from VJC Overseas….! 
With reference to the rounds of interview, we at VJC Overseas, feel glad to offer you the position 
of  Lead Full-Stack Engineer - at our Koramangala – Bengaluru, Karnataka Office. 
 
Your starting date will be on 03 August 2026 at 09:45 AM at our Koramangala – Bengaluru, Karnataka office.
 
 
The Appointment Letter from VJC Overseas will be given only after producing the documents of 
identification, qualifications and experience. The list of the documents has given below: 
1.
 
Proof of Date of Birth and Proof of residence. 
2.
 
Two passport size photographs (Coloured). 
3.
 
Last salary slip(If have any). 
4.
 
Photocopy of all educational documents (10th,12th and Graduation). 
5.Resignation Acceptance or Relieving Letter from Previous Employee. 
6.Experience letter. 
7.PAN card. 
VJC Overseas is a service-oriented company with its core business focused on offering Immigration 
services  such  as  Visit  Visas,  PR,  and  Study  Abroad  courses  for  various  countries.  To  ensure  the 
continued success of the company, every team member is expected to meet the minimum sales 
targets assigned by their respective Branch Managers. 
VJC Overseas is one of the most reputed companies in India and retains the sole rights to make 
decisions regarding employee salaries. We appreciate your dedication and contribution to making 
VJC Overseas a trusted brand in the industry. 
The employee is giving consent for background check to be initiated by VJC Overseas after the 
selection process. 
Code of conduct 
1.
 
 Probation period 
1.1. Your employment will be subjected to a probationary period of 6 months, counted from the 
date of your joining. In case of leaving the company during probation, you are required to serve a 
notice period of 1 month. However, if your performance is deemed to be satisfactory during the 
mentioned span of time,  you will be given a written confirmation of you being a member of the 
established staff of the company. As an employee, you are required to serve a notice period of 1 
month, in case of leaving the company. 
During the probation period, if the Company finds your performance to be unsatisfactory, you will 
be terminated with/without notice. 
1.2. Every Appraisal will be done after completion of 12 months in the company based on the 
performance. 
 
1.3 NOTICE PERIOD: 1 Month 
 
1.4 JOB TITLE: Lead Full-Stack Engineer Owns secure employee-platform integrations.
 
2.
 
 Dress code: 
Monday to Thursday you need to come in formal attire. Casuals are allowed on Friday & Saturday. 
 
3.
 
 Weekly off: 
Sunday will be weekly Off. 
National Holidays will be declared by the VJC management. 
4.
 
 Leave policy: 
During the probation period:- 
 
·  No leaves granted during the probation period, any leave taken will be considered as loss of 
pay (LOP). 
 
·  All the leaves should be taken with the prior approval of your line Managers with proper 
email. It should be approved with the proper mail. Same day leave request will not be entertained 
unless it is emergency and submitted by a documentary proof/evidence. 
 
About the Late login- Details will be explained by HR. 
5.
 
 Work ethics: 
Timing  needs  to be  strictly  followed, your  timings  are from  10:00  am to 7:00  pm, Monday  to 
Saturday. 
6.
 
 Breaks: 
6.1. You are entitled to take a Lunch break of 30 Minutes in a day and two 15 minutes of Tea 
Break. 
 
6.2.  During the working hours you are not allowed to access any social media applications on your 
system or phone - FB, twitter WhatsApp etc. 
6.3 Personal phones are to be kept at security/reception and Employee can access during break 
times. 
 
7.
 
 Salary cycle: 
7.1 You will be paid a salary of ₹12,34,567.50 (Twelve lakh thirty-four thousand five hundred sixty-seven rupees and fifty paise only) per month. 
 
 
The monthly salary cycle is 07th of every month, if 07th falls on Sunday or holiday then it will be 
processed the next day. 
7.2 Your salary should not be known by anyone in the office except the management. If you reveal 
your salary to anyone in the office will lead to direct termination or demotion in the salary package. 
It should be 100% confidential among the management and you. 
 
8.
 
 Validity of the offer: 
8.1.  Candidate  must  produce  the  necessary  documents  on  or  before  the  date  of  joining.  Final 
decision regarding the appointment is subject to the validity of the documents produced by the 
candidates. After verification of the documents, the final decision lies with the Managing  Director 
of The VJC Overseas. VJC Overseas may at any time verify the original documents or call for the proof 
of the information provided by the candidate. 
 
8.2. Above offer becomes void on: 
1.
 
Non- compliance with any terms and conditions set forth in this letter 
2.
 
Any negotiations made with the management regarding salary or other privileges 
3.
 
Any fraudulent act or behaviour done by the candidate 
4.
 
Providing false information about the identity or qualification or experience 
5.Disclosure of any critical information of the VJC Overseas 
All the above mentioned polices are very critical for each and every employee, non-adherence may 
lead to strict action or if required, Termination. 
9.
 
ABSENCE FROM WORK 
No salary will be paid for periods of unauthorized absence. Subject to you following the absence 
rules laid down by the company, normal pay will be continued during periods of authorized absence 
due to sickness; subjected to any services criteria that may exist from time to time. 
 
In  case  of  leaving  without  serving  a  notice  period,  you  must  pay  an  amount  equal  to  your 
1 month salary as a payment of expenses for your training purpose & other expenses incurred by 
the company. 
 
10.
 
RULES AND REGULATIONS 
VJC Overseas is a service oriented company based on integrity and mutual trust. In order to maintain 
and safeguard the trust and confidence of customers and the public, certain ethical principles and 
standards of conduct have to be maintained. Other specific rules and regulations that may apply in 
your  place  of  work  will  be  available  to  you  immediately  after  the  commencement  of  your 
employment. These may be altered or modified from time to time through a notice to you or by 
Company Circular. 
 
11.
 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
As  a  condition  of  employment,  all  employees  are  required  to  sign  and  return  the  company’s 
Declaration  of  Confidentiality  Agreement  that  pledges  confidentiality  on  all  business  matters, 
appertaining to VJC Overseas its subsidiaries and its clients. 
12.
 
UNAUTHORISED SOFTWARE AND SYSTEMS ACCESS 
You are required to sign a declaration concerning the Company’s rules on the above. 
 
13.
 
STAFF DEALING PROCEDURES 
Personal dealing in securities by company employees is subjected to specific procedures, which may 
be amended from time to time,  and which must be strictly observed at all times. A copy of the 
current guidelines to staff will be made available to you when you commence employment. You are 
required to read it and familiarize yourself with it as soon as possible. 
14.
 
DATA PROTECTION 
Under the company’s policies, all employees have a responsibility to ensure that computerized data 
is accurate and is kept secure. Unauthorized disclosure of personal data is a serious offence and can 
result in prosecution. Therefore, you must ensure that you: 
•  Do not disclose personal data without authority 
•  Do not transfer client details through WhatsApp or emails. 
•  Do not save client details in personal phones 
•  Do not access information or systems, directly or indirectly, irrelevant to your task. 
•  Lock all printouts, when not in use 
•  Do not disclose your computer password to any unauthorized person. 
Details of every employee are maintained on a computerized database. A copy of your details will 
be forwarded to you from time to time and, in accordance to the company policy, a copy will be 
provided to you in writing, on request. 
As per the company’s policy, it is mandatory for the employee to maintain the confidentiality of the 
company’s data and personal records. You must notify the company in writing of any change in your 
personal  information;  such  as  your  address,  marital  status,  birth  of  children,  attainment  of 
professional qualifications, and so forth. 
 
15.
 
TERMINATION 
a)  The Company may terminate your employment with or without cause. 
 
i. Without Cause: In the event that your employment is terminated without cause, you will  be 
provided with thirty (30) days written notice prior to such termination or in lieu thereof equivalent 
to your compensation package for a period of thirty (30) days, calculated on the basis  of your last 
basic salary. 
ii. With Cause: The company, after providing you with written notice, may terminate you from 
employment with “Cause”, on the following grounds: 
 
(1) The commission of a crime involving moral turpitude, theft, fraud or deceit; 
(2) Conduct that has an adverse effect on the Company’s reputation; 
(3) Substantial or continued unwillingness or inability to perform duties assigned to you; 
(4) Gross negligence or deliberate misconduct; 
(5) Any material breach of terms and conditions specified in this letter; 
(6)  Absence from work  for a  period  of three  or more consecutive  days  without notifying  your 
superior officer. 
You shall be given an opportunity of hearing within the said notice period. The Company’s decision 
in this  matter  shall be  final and binding.  If  an  employee is  terminated before 12  months,  same 
necessary legal action is taken as mentioned above. 
 
b)  In the event that you decide to terminate your employment within one year of employment 
then the employee either needs to serve mandatory notice period of 1 month of gross salary. The 
company will also reimburse training cost involved during the tenure. 
In the event if the employee absconds from the service without serving the notice period, then the 
company will initiate appropriate actions as per the laws including criminal and civil laws of India. 
The company will also give negative report on the background check if the employee absconds from 
the service. 
In the event that you decide to terminate your employment after one-year period under this offer 
letter, you  shall  provide to your  Manager,  not  less  than sixty days’ prior written notice of your 
intention to terminate such employment. However, the Company may, at its discretion, terminate 
your employment at any time during such sixty days’ period. In the event that the Company decides 
to terminate your employment prior to the expiry of such sixty-day period, the Company shall not 
be required to pay you any amounts in respect of the remainder of such sixty-day period. 
c)  During and after your employment with the Company, you will not remove, from the Company’s 
premises any documents, records, files, notebooks, correspondence, computer printouts, computer 
programs, computer software, price lists, microfilm, or other similar documents, including copies 
thereof, whether prepared by you or others, except as your duty shall require, and in such cases, 
will  promptly  return  or  account  for  such  items  to  the  Company.  Upon  termination  of  your 
employment with the Company, you shall account for and handover promptly to the Company’s (the 
designation of the specific Executive/Officer/Director, etc.) all documents, records, files, notebooks, 
correspondence,  computer  e  printouts,  computer  programs,  computer  software,  price  lists, 
microfilm, or other similar documents containing confidential information, including copies thereof, 
which are property of the Company or which relate in any way to the business, products, practices 
or techniques of the Company, and all other property, trade secrets or confidential information of 
the Company, which in any of these cases are in your possession or under your control. 
 
The full and final settlement will only be processed to only those employees who has served the 
mandatory notice period and left the company on a good note. The Full and Final settlement will be 
processed after 45 days from the last working date of the Employee. 
Equal Employment Opportunity - Our values embrace the notion of diversity and equal employment 
opportunity.  As  VJC  Overseas  highly  values  equality  and  meritocracy,  we  are  committed  to  an 
employment environment that is free from all illegal aspects. 
 
Discrimination - We always employ, retain, promote, terminate and otherwise treat all employees 
and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, skills and aptitude to serve the respective role. 
Competence and Talent - We apply this policy without regard to any individual’s gender, race, color, 
religion, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity,  marital or 
family status, veteran status, medical condition, disability or political belief. 
 
Harassment  - Harassment has no place at VJC Overseas. We do not tolerate any kind of sexual 
harassment  or  harassment  based  on  gender,  race,  color,  religion,  national  origin,  ancestry, 
pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, veteran status, medical 
condition, disability or political belief; whether it’s verbal, physical or visual harassment,  or a form 
of retaliation for any complaint of harassment. All new employees receive VJC Overseas detailed 
and are expected to read and abide by it. 
Confidentiality, Security and Protection of the Company’s Intellectual Property - Every employee 
has a duty to respect the confidentiality of the company’s information and the information of our 
suppliers, associated bodies and customers. In addition, you must refrain from using any confidential 
information belonging to former employees. We are only to access, use and disclose confidential 
information which is necessary for us to have in the course  of employees or contractors at VJC 
Overseas,  unless  it  is  necessary  for  those  employees  or  contractors  to  have  such  confidential 
information in the course of their duties. 
We also have a duty to protect the Company’s intellectual property and other business assets. We 
take  the  security  of  our  intellectual  property,  business  systems  and  Company  property  very 
seriously. Good security, working practices and procedures for Company property, in all its forms, is 
critical in protecting the intellectual property development that fuels our Company’s growth, the 
livelihood  of  our  employees,  and  our  shareholders’  investments.  Company  files,  personal 
computers, networks, software, internet access, internet browser programs, email, voice mail and 
other business equipment (e.g., desks and cabinets) and resources which are provided for business 
use are the exclusive property of the Company. Misuse of such Company property is not tolerated. 
Many employees associated to VJC Overseas.  are creative by nature and want to continue their 
creative  activities  outside  of  work.  It  is  mandatory  for  such  employees  to  receive  a  written 
permission from the Company’s Vice President for his or her organization before developing, outside 
of Company, any intellectual property that is or may be related to our current or potential business. 
Please speak to your Human Resources representative to assist in following procedures regarding 
permissions. 
These  and  other  obligations relating to  confidentiality,  security  and  the  Company’s  intellectual 
property can be found in your New Hire Agreement. 
 
External Communications - Occasionally, VJC Overseas employees are contacted by outside sources 
requesting  information  about  company  matters,  including  Company  products  and  financial 
information, information regarding current of former employees, Company projects, and/or other 
workplace issues. In order to avoid disclosing inaccurate, incomplete, confidential or proprietary 
information, on being contacted by any outside source for any information about the Company, you 
should decline to comment and immediately contact General Manager of VJC Overseas and give all 
the details. 
 
Substance Abuse: 
•  Any use of illegal drugs by employees, visitors or contractors at Company premises at any 
time of day or night or at any Company’s sponsored event is prohibited. 
•  Employees shall not attempt to perform work for VJC Overseas while under the influence of 
any illegal drug. An employee who must take a legal drug (e.g., prescription medication) due to  a 
physical or mental disability is required to discuss the situation with HR if there is a chance that the 
drug may influence work performance or behavior at work. 
Employees shall not attempt to perform work for the Company under influence of alcohol. 
 
Violence - Violence of any kind is unacceptable at the workplace, at a Company sponsored event, or 
during  any  time  you  are  representing  on  behalf  of  VJC  Overseas.  This  includes  actual  physical 
conduct as well as threats, intimidation and portrayals of violence in pictures or written materials 
(except for legitimate business purposes). Furthermore, weapons are prohibited inside the Company 
property and while off site conducting Company business. 
Conflicts of Interest - Integrity is one of our ACTION values, and we need to ensure that all of our 
business  interactions  reflect  the  importance  we  place  on  this  particular  value.  The  Conflict  of 
Interest policy sets minimum guidelines within which we all must act to maintain integrity in the 
work we do. 
As a representative of VJC Overseas, it is important that we use good judgment in how we conduct 
ourselves in the marketplace. Towards this end, we are expected to avoid any activity that creates 
an actual or potential conflict of  interest (i.e., any situation in which our actions or loyalties are 
divided  between  personal  interest  and  Company  interests,  or  between  Company’s  interest  and 
those  of  another.  If  uncertain  of  whether  a  conflict  exists,  you  should  consult  your  supervisor 
immediately.  The  following  activities  are  some  examples  of  conflicts  of  interest,  which  are 
prohibited for all employees associated with VJC Overseas, including executive  officers) without 
prior  written  approval  from  a  member  of  your  management  chain  or,  in  the  case  of  executive 
officers, approval by the Board of Directors: 
•  Owning, operating, acting as a Director for or being employed as an employee or  consultant 
by any business that competes, directly or indirectly, with VJC Overseas or that is related to the 
business of VJC Overseas. 
 
•  Engaging  in  any  business  transaction  with  VJC  Overseas  except  in  connection  with  our 
regular employee programs. 
•  Entering  into  a  new,  or  significantly  expanding  an  existing,  direct  or  indirect  personal 
financial relationship with a competitor, customer, or supplier; however, no conflict will exist in  the 
case of ownership of less than 1 percent of the publicly traded stock of a corporation. Any significant 
expansion of an existing financial relationship will require a separate, prior written approval. 
•  Awarding a contract or entering into a financial transaction on behalf of the Company (or 
encouraging other employees to do so) with a family member or someone with whom you have a 
significant personal or financial relationship. 
•  Engaging in any other employment or extensive personal projects during work hours, or 
using the Company’s property in other employment. 
 
•  Soliciting company’s employees, vendors, or customers to purchase goods or services of any 
kind for purposes not related to our business, or to make contributions to any organizations or in 
support of any outside VJC Overseas authorized causes. 
•  Soliciting or entering into any business or financial transaction with an employee whom  you 
supervise, either directly or indirectly. 
In addition to the above activities that require prior written approval, employees associated with 
VJC  Overseas  (including  executive  officers)  are  required  to  promptly  notify  their  Manager  or 
Supervisor of any of the following events: 
 
•  Soliciting or entering into a romantic relationship, or having a family relationship, with an 
employee whom you either supervise, directly or indirectly, have influence over career decisions, or 
have access to sensitive personnel data. This guideline helps to ensure fair treatment and judgment 
across all employee decisions. 
•  Acting as a Director for any for-profit organization (however, acting as a director for a for- 
profit or non-profit organization that competes, directly or indirectly, with VJC Overseas, or whose 
business is related to the business of VJC Overseas, is generally discouraged as a conflict of  interest 
and requires prior written approval as discussed above). 
Kindly acknowledge & accept the offer. 
Best Wishes, 
 
Mani Vuttaradi  Accepted 
Managing Director 
VJC Overseas  {{}} 
 
 
WELCOME AND ACCEPTANCE 
 
 
We welcome you as an employee of our organization and anticipate your skills and experience 
shall bring to the table. We wish you a long and rewarding career with us. 
Sincerely, 
 
 
Mani Vuttaradi 
Managing Director 
VJC Overseas 
*To indicate your acceptance of the company’s offer, please sign and date this offer letter in the 
space provided below. We will then return a fully executed copy of this letter to you. This offer 
letter, together with any documents contemplated herein, sets forth the terms of your employment 
with the Company and supersedes any prior representations or agreements between you and the 
Company or any of its affiliates, whether written or oral. 
 
Your offer  will  be  contingent  upon  completion  of  a  successful  reference check  and  background 
verification, which the Company may decide to waive, in its sole discretion. Your signature below 
confirms that all information, written or oral, provided to us by you is accurate and complete. 
 
Misrepresentation or omission of any such information may result in revocation of this offer  or 
immediate termination of your employment. 
I Aarav O'Connor & Sons <QA>, accept the terms and conditions of this contract. 
Sign:    
Date:    
Offer Details
Ref: VJC/OL/2026/0711-A | Offer Date: 11 July 2026
Aarav O'Connor & Sons <QA> | aarav.o'connor+offer@example.test
42 & 44, Baker's Lane
Indiranagar, Bengaluru – 560038
Designation: Senior Platform Engineer | Department: Engineering & Product
Branch: Bangalore | Location: Koramangala, Bengaluru
Reporting Manager: Priya N. Rao | CTC: ₹24,00,000.00